I can't do this.
How's your talk coming?
Terrible.
Maybe someone else could do this.
Hmm.
Do you remember what Jehovah's name means?
He causes to become?
Yes.
He can become anything he needs to get great things done.
And he can also help others to become what he wants them to be.
Think about it.
Jehovah is the creator.
Think of all the animals he's made.
Huh?
Wow.
Wow, that's a big whale.
He created our universe.
Look at all the planets he made.
He makes sure everything has what he needs to grow.
Jehovah can make us powerful too.
Look at Moses.
He took a shine man and used him to split the Red Sea.
If he can do all of that, do you think he can help you pronounce hard names and get prepared
for your talk?
Yeah.
But of course, to receive his help, you have to ask him for it.
His name was Mavivicheth.
The sons of Raman, the Bierra Thine, Rekath.